9 a.m. is Shanghai Shenzhen and here in
Hong Kong you're watching the China
show. I'm Ivon Man with David Glass.
>> Good morning. Happy Friday. We are
counting down to the open of markets in
greater China. Our top stories today.
TSMC shares [music] in focus up and
running 2 and a half% in the opening
minute here coming online after it
reported blowout earnings leading to
[music] a jump in its newest listing on
the highest trading volume in 9 months.
>> Yep. And we spoke to the CFO who told us
the company plans to raise spending to
meet [music] the growing demand for AI
chips.
>> In the next [music] three years, the
total capeex is going to be
significantly higher than the number
[music] is the past 3 years. So that is
the evidence of our strong [music]
conviction uh in the AI mega trend.
>> We're getting mixed trading elsewhere
[music] in Asia amid some losses as you
can see over in Japan. Treasuries under
pressure following an unexpected drop in
US jobless claims.
>> And China's central bank says it sees
more space for more easing this year
after announcing a [music] rate cut amid
shrinking demand for new loans.
[music]
Good morning. Welcome to the program.
First things first, a look at the AI
bell weather just after the opening
bell. TSMC 3% to the upside lifting the
Taiwanese benchmark 2% up 4% uh was the
move overnight in the US listing as we
pointing out of course the heaviest
highest volume in about 9 months or so.
Some [snorts] of the other suppliers of
TSMC also coming out of the gates very
very strong. We'll talk more about this,
what this means for the broader AI trade
in a moment here. As we were pointing
out the apart from Japan, the rest of
the region doing okay. Singapore is also
coming online, Asia-Pacific benchmark,
bottom of your screens. As long AI
trade, as we were just pointing out,
refreshed uh by the outlook coming out
of TSMC. There's also of course
separately, but certainly related to
that um is the uh the trade deal coming
through between the US and China. More
on that in a moment. US futures, you
have uh silver coming through, a look at
the dollar and of course the US 10-year
yield on your screen. Just going into
the open today, 850 futures coming
online. The two's intense in focus, the
curve also in focus too. Steeper is
still what's expected uh after the
pronouncements coming through out of the
press briefing yesterday. A cut at one
of the interest rates. Does that open
the door to more or is that the easing
that you'll get for now coming through
out of the PBOC? Lots of conversations
to get into next 2 hours or so. Yeah,
seems to be right now quite targeted.
We'll see what this means for some of
the more key sort of policy rates and
moving forward here. But certainly uh
that was quite significant in that press
briefing that happened yesterday. But
really it brings us back to Taiwan given
the news flow, right? You have TSMC uh
that massive cash commitment when it
comes to the guidance on capex is
certainly what moved the market. I
believe uh even Taiwan dollar on the
back of those results. So it it maybe
does confirm maybe this AI cycle is
actually still quite strong,
accilerating, not really slowing down.
Yeah, it it really did move the needle I
think when it came out post the close
yesterday in Taiwan and then you had
immediately the move over in Europe,
some of the proxies in the US and going
into uh into the into the session today.
I think I also want to point out at 1730
uh so following the the release of the
numbers obviously the sell side came in
and came in quite strong. uh we had
revisions in the order of about 7% to
the upside on the consensus price target
which is now sits north of 2100
uh on the 12 month consensus that's
effectively reflects still a 15% upside
from current levels but again you know
the risk to capex what does that mean if
they don't spend that and all this how
this actually goes into the geopolitics
of things and how much they as a company
will actually be spending in the US
>> I think this what the CEO says CCA about
this gap between supply and demand is
what he is most concerned about and how
they're going to actually bridge that
gap.
>> Um but yes, if they can deliver on these
pledges in this US Taiwan trade deal,
that's certainly one part of it. But
also when it comes to guidance as you
mentioned, right when you're talking
north of $50 billion, uh that's
certainly what did surprise the market
and really blew out the consensus out
there as well. So, how does it all fit
in? The TSMC story with this US and
Taiwan trade deal that both have agreed
to this trade pack that would lower
tariffs on goods on the island to 15%
putting it in line with what we see in
Japan, in Korea as well. In return,
Taiwanese semiconductor companies will
increase financing for their American
operations by $500 billion. And that
does include at least 250 billion in
direct investments to expand chips,
energy, and AI facilities. Now TSMC says
it will try to speed up the transfer of
its advanced chipm expertise to the US
while continuing to develop and maintain
its top fabrication techniques at home.
The CFO Wendel Huang telling us that
even with faster transfers, it would
still take at least a year for mass
foreign production of its leading
technology.
>> We don't look at it this way. It's
really depends on customer demand. In
the US a lot of customer uh wants to go
there so we will expand over there but
for the leading edge technologies it
will be in Taiwan because it's a heavy
cooperation between the R&D people and
operation people for practical reasons
>> and leading edge will continue to be led
by Taiwan you think over the US market
and that no changes to that at all even
with you adding a a lot more capacity in
the states.
>> Yeah, that's for practical reasons.
>> Is it possible though to to speed up how
quickly that advanced tech can be
shifted from Taiwan to the states?
>> Yeah, we can try to do that to shorten
the gap.
>> What does that transfer gap look like
then? If if right now it's it's it's
several years, Taiwan is ahead. What
does that actually look like in the
future?
>> We don't have a specific timeline now,
but we do uh we can try to accelerate
that. We think we can try to accelerate.
Could it be shortened to months? Do you
think
>> it will be difficult, challenging?
>> Okay. So, it stays at least one one year
behind then.
>> Yeah. There we go. The CFO of TSMC,
Wendel Huang, there with Bell of course
there in Taipei. Now the other big story
of course apart from that is almost at
about the same time uh just shortly
after TSMC released results was this
briefing coming through separately uh in
Beijing out of the PBOC
uh in which they outlined a few things.
One was they lowered interest rates on
its structural monetary policy tool
that's effective uh in about 2 or 3 days
January 19th 25 basis points early next
week. Uh the other more broader message
there is that they did see more room for
easing whether that's tripleR or the
policy rate signaling it does have room
to further reduce borrowing costs while
stepping up targeted support for the
economy.
>> The PBOC will cut the interest rates on
all structural monetary policy tools by
0.25 percentage points. The one-year
roending rate will be reduced from 1.5%
to 1.25. 25% with rates for other
maturities adjusted accordingly. The
central bank will integrate the use of
its reending and redisount quotas to
support agriculture and small businesses
with an additional 500 billion yuan
allocated to the re lending facility.
And you know we also got the lending
numbers for December the aggregate
numbers. This is specifically the
graphic on your screen which is new
loans. Uh the total for 2025 as you can
see is a step down from previous years.
uh despite the uptick that we had in
December and also the uptick still in
aggregate financing overall. It's a
reflection this specific one of sluggish
growth from borrowers that's really
weighing uh on the outlook.
>> Yeah. Joining us now is Ding Shuang,
chief economist for Greater China and
North Asia at Standard Charter Bank.
Ding Shang. It's always great to have
you. Happy New Year. Uh yeah, so we're
kicking off the new year with with some
cuts uh from the PBOC. What do you make
of the timing of this and is this just
the beginning, do you think, in terms of
stimulus? Well, as the deputy governor
said, there is room to cut policy rate,
but the the room is not that large in my
view and it will be used very sparingly
uh and focusing on its signaling effect.
Uh take the uh reending rate cut for
example 25 basis point it's large uh but
the market reaction quite shortlived. If
we look at the hensen index 10-year
Chinese government bond, the reaction is
very shortlived.
>> That is understandable because uh while
these tools are very beneficial for
selected industries uh technology, green
development,
agriculture, its macro impact is very
limited. uh look at the total scale of
the reanding uh perhaps just five to six
trillion compared with 270 trillion of
credit outstanding. So the market will
naturally focus on the real policy rate
that is 7-day reverse repo uh rate and
for that I think uh the the room for cut
is still constrained by the net interest
margin uh which is at 1.4% 4% record
low.
>> And at the planning meeting of the PBOC
early this month,
>> the PBOC said they will try to keep the
financing cost uh at low levels instead
of uh continue to uh lead it lower. So
that's an indication that any policy
rate cut will be used uh as indicated in
the central economic conference
efficiently and flexibly. So uh we think
all things considered uh there is room
to cut the policy rate in the second
quarter by 10 basis point. That's our
forecast and uh the monetary policy
support may mostly take the form of
liquidity injection to prevent the
government bond yield from rising. uh so
we forecast for example a 25 basis point
reserve requirement ratio in the first
quarter and supported by regular
purchase of PBOS in the open market of
the central government bonds.
>> What does it mean for the currency and
the policy around the currency which I
think they pushed back they said the
strength in the currency recently was
because of the weakness in the dollar
and not a fundamental shift in in in
their attitudes towards the MMB. I would
say uh the PBOC appears more receptive
to a gradual appreciation of the
currency and I think it's mainly because
it is supported by the fundamental uh
and China's focus on technology on
industrial upgrading that is making
Chinese product more competitive and
some appreciation of the currency can
help to ease the trade tensions not only
with the US but also with Europe with
other trading partners. So looking at
the trade data, China's export grew by
5.5% last year, right? Despite the high
tariff, China's trade surplus 1.2
trillion US dollar record high. China's
current account surplus uh our estimate
is 3.3% of GDP. That would be the
highest in the last 15 years. Uh and
this trend is likely to continue uh
going forward. So we think 2 to 3% of
appreciation of the currency uh is not
going to uh undermine China's exports
and uh also if we look more broadly uh
we think China uh China's strong reim
policy is taking shape
>> uh as China is trying to develop a
financially strong nation uh president
Xiinping said that uh a strong currency
is the first key core element of
financial strong nation. Uh so we we are
going to see more uh government uh
policies aligned to uh promote the
global status of the remn.
>> Yeah. You mentioned some of the the cuts
we're seeing in the structural lending
tools are are targeted towards tech. Um
we we've seen that as the policy
priorities, but you're still seeing an
economy where investment is still very
weak. You talk about consumption is
still weak. The property market seems to
reemerge, more risks. Where does that
leave growth for 2026? Now are we in for
for deeper sort of slowdown? I
>> I think the net net export will continue
to be a positive uh contribution to the
growth.
>> Other than that as indicated in the
central economic conference, they want
to stop the decline of the investment.
That's very important. Uh domestic
demand is not only consumption,
investment is still very important. uh
of course I think it seems that the
government is uh trying I think allow
the property market uh adjustment to run
its course but in terms of
infrastructure investment and the
manufacturing investment uh this year is
the first year of the five-year plan
there will be a lot of key project uh to
be launched and the budget uh resources
uh as indicated the in the planning
meeting will be more directed uh to to
those areas and also they are trying to
uh boost the confidence of private
sector uh to also I think uh to increase
investment. So we think investment is
likely to turn around uh this year and
supported by other measures to support
consumption but consumption is a slowm
moving variable. uh I think and also if
we look at the trading program I don't
think they will expand it further but
they may broaden uh the trading program
to include for example service uh so I
think that is a more longer term game
for consumption to increase the
consumption ratio uh in the GDP
>> part of the calculation among private
companies in terms of the private
investment in capex number is really
where inflation goes what are your
expectations on price levels this year
>> the price level. Definitely the policy
tone has changed. Uh they want to see a
a moderate rise of the price level and
we can look at what target they will
set. Maybe they will set again at 2% for
this year but it's very difficult to
reach to but at least it's a signal they
want higher price right now and our
expectation is a moderate uh rise of
price. uh we forecast average CPI at 6%
uh higher than zero uh last year in 2025
and this is kind of supported by quite
stable core inflation in China right
now. So 1.2% 2% uh for three months
already
>> and the commodity price even though it
may not rise but most likely it will
become more stable uh that would reduce
one of the drag of of the CPI inflation.
So low inflation is likely to continue
and that is actually another reason why
China's products is getting more
competitive globally because China have
>> uh low inflation the rest of the world
is still inflation. So every year China
I think even on the price side will
become more competitive.
>> Dinguang thank you so much. Very nice to
speak with you. Let's do this again very
very soon. Dinguang there chief
economist for greater China and North
Asia at Standard Charted Bank. The fixer
today is coming out on your screens
again. is still above but inching ever
so closer to 7 handle 70078
against the dollar is today's midpoint.
Okay, we'll take a short break. We'll be
back shortly.
[music]
>> [music]
>> Well, the American Chamber of Commerce
in China is saying that US companies
doing business there are actually
showing some resilience amid a
challenging economic landscape. That is
the latest survey that's found that more
than half were actually profitable
across 2025. Now almost four and five
were also positive or neutral on
relations with the US. is of course as
we did see la last year that US China
trade truce that continues on here today
but obviously with news of late here
with Venezuela Iran you got to wonder
how the geopolitics plays into that I'm
>> confused
>> and whether these two leaders are going
to really meet four times a year which
is what is still expected here to tell
us a bit more about what the business
landscape looks like here is MCM China
chairman James Zimmerman he joins us
from Beijing he's also a lawyer at Lo
and Lobo which provides legal services
to Bloomberg LP James it's great to have
you on the program just tell us more
about the key takeaway ways do you think
you've got on you the resilience that
you are seeing on the ground there for
business?
>> Very good. Um thank you for the
opportunity. Um we've been running this
survey for about 30 years now just to
get an idea of the sentiment of of our
members and the things that they that
impact them, the challenges and the the
growth opportunities and so forth. This
year we clearly can see that the one of
the key words that reflects the the
survey is that companies are indeed
showing resilience resilience in a way
that I mean they've come to the market
they've invested in the market they've
evolved you know they've strategized but
they're not leaving they're making money
and the the results this year
demonstrates that there has been an
uptick in profitability
um but there's also some challenges that
they you know need to address. Um, one
of the challenges of course is the the
softening economy, the concerns about
the weakening economy, but also too is
um any potential for rising um tension
between the US and China that does
impact you know um you know our member
companies. So, but overall resilience is
really going to lead to opportunity and
profitability. And part of that is
because, you know, your focus on where
our companies do best, you know, and and
they're strategizing and looking at the,
you know, how that they can um capture
some market share, how they can, you
know, tap the growing consumer market.
So, um but at the same time, it's really
very very important. The messaging that
comes out of our report is that we need
greater um greater clarity you know
greater predictability and some guard
rails you know in the relationship you
know because we want to avoid any kind
of risk of uh further escalation and
it's not just because the US is the
first and second largest economies in
the world you know and it's important
for the bilateral relationship but also
it's also important for the global
economy as Well,
>> James, David here, thanks for joining
us. I actually thank you for bringing
that up because I do want to ask get
your thoughts on that. Since the the
trade truce back in November and you
mentioned things have improved on
sentiment, how has the tone of
conversations between the chamber or the
members of the chamber with with
regulators? How has that tone has that
tone improved?
Well, I mean the um the survey actually
was conducted about the same time as the
the meeting in South Korea
>> um when the two leaders met. And so that
does have an impact on, you know, the
sentiment of where we're going for this
coming year. But I think overall the is
a sense of optimism, you know, a sense
of optimism because we're looking at
presidential summits taking place in
April and possibly in November and and
um that leads to greater dialogues uh
maybe a sustained dialogue to try to
work through some of the issues between
you know between the two countries, the
two economies. So there is a there is
clearly a sense of optimism and um and
and that's reflected by the by the
meeting that took place. and also the
intents of both sides to try to tone
down, you know, some of the tit for tat
that took place um earlier last year and
to really focus on trying to resolve our
differences and coming up with ways, you
know, that um the two economies can uh
work together because working together
will it be, you know, benefit both
sides, benefit the consumers, the
companies, the the growers and um you
know, everyone workers as Well, on both
sides.
>> Yeah. J, reading the report, it's
interesting the the concerns that might
dominate the outlook is is the
competition you're seeing domestically
with local players, right? We've seen
that when it comes to some of these
price wars in some key industries, how
do you think companies should how have
they been navigating that?
>> Uh, and have you actually seen this
competition
>> intensify or do you think it actually
has seen some easing in that front? I
mean the we'll always have local
competition and so I don't think our
members are overly concerned about that.
It is it is indeed a challenge but um
but they also meet that challenge by
adopting to the market and selecting
products services that actually um will
bring bring results. Um so um yes
there's going to be um local competition
on many levels. Um but that could be
also a good thing too because the
messaging to us is that yes we need our
companies do need to adapt to the
market. Um what we really want is to
make sure the playing field is level you
know between domestic companies and ch
and foreign companies you know the a
level playing field will ensure that we
have a fair shake you know the a fair
shake in competing you know on the same
level as the domestic companies. So um
local competition is there but at the
same time you know we want to press
ahead with policy makers on both sides
and that we we want we want a level
playing field. We want market access. Um
and that's something that actually will
benefit both the Chinese companies as
well as the the foreign companies if we
do have an environment of fair
competition.
And it's good point you mentioned that
you know despite these the outlook
they're still you know these companies
are staying they're not leaving
>> China but have have they started to at
least rethink their presence in China?
We've seen that with global companies
like Starbucks for example selling their
Chinese assets um or at least the stakes
there. Do you think that's going to be
that new business model really now to
operate in China?
>> I mean you have to look at things from
the past say 20 maybe even 10 years. is
um where um that the market's evolving
um and there's um I mean companies are
confronted with a variety of issues. Um
there was a lot of calls for decoupling,
de-risking, but we're not seeing a
wholesale departure. Um anyone that's
leaving the market there may have been a
strategy issue that they've talked
about, you know, for for some time and
it could be cost related. it could there
could be a lot of issues that lead to
anyone shifting um their either the
supply chain or you know where they
where they are in the market. Um I mean
you give the example of Starbucks. I I
can't comment specifically on that but
um there are companies that are um
making what we would consider to be very
smart moves where I mean um I mean for
example they they're here in the market.
their their brand is strong but there's
a lot of local competition and the
strategy the strategy of having others
come in and finance um a growth does
make some sense. So, but overall I think
what we're seeing is that companies are
looking at the market um as one of the
top priority markets for them. Um but
they're looking at having to strategize
on their presence here and what where
where their niche markets are. And
that's not that's not just in consumer
goods or services, you know, but across
the board. Our members are looking at um
where they fit in best in in in the
China market.
James, have a great weekend ahead. Thank
you for taking the time to speak with us
today. James Zimmerman there, chairman
of Amcham China, joining us out of
[music] out of Beijing with the latest
survey coming out of the group there. Uh
going into the final [music] session of
the week, just over 3 minutes of the
opening bell, up arrow story there is
what we're tracking. Apart from that,
lots of other things to watch. You have
Trip.com, you have BYD among other
specific names we're tracking. Couple of
placements too to tell you about on the
other side of this break. The opening
[music] bell is coming up next.
>> [music]
>> Good morning. Happy Friday morning from
the Asia Pacific. Uh going into the
opening bell today, a couple of things.
This one is a the PBOC bin point the fix
of the day just over just above the
seven handle. Uh [music] you had of
course a an announcement of a coming
rate cuts that on a structural reending
rate that's effective on Monday. Does
that [music] open the room for further
easing or is that what we get for now?
Uh we are looking at an upside story.
There's [music] also separately the TSMC
story which is the tech story that's
also playing out across these markets.
could be some strong tailwinds there
really those two forces as you say
[music] right uh maybe leaning towards
more stimulus for the PBOC and then of
course this AI cycle that still [music]
seems to be quite strong here given what
the what the the outlook from TSMC here
when you're talking about spending north
of [music] $50 billion in 2026 in terms
of capex and this is they're already
seen as the most disciplined in terms of
how they allocate their capital so
certainly uh bullish signals there and
you are seeing as we are wrapping up
this trading week of record turnover
over record, you know, margin financing.
It seems like we're still firing uh
pretty strongly here and we are up about
610 of 1% for your CSI 300. Uh we're
watching very closely the chip space and
so Cabcon tech is slightly higher here.
So following some of the tailwinds that
we saw from TSMC and of course that US
and Taiwan trade deal that was has been
at least agreed upon, right? U with
tariffs effectively now lower to 15%. So
that's how the the AI situation is going
here today. Let's take a look how Hong
Kong is fairing. Um it's interesting too
uh the the PBC when it came to how
they've looked at the the currency too
in that briefing. It seems like there
was a bit of a change in tone, right?
They said that you know a lot of it had
to do with the dollar weakness of late
here. Um and and so Goldman Sachs is
saying this tolerance uh seems to
suggest that they are willing to allow
further appreciation of the currency
here. So that supports their forecast of
685 for dollar onshore remmen by year
end. were trading around that 696 level
here. The fix today uh was maybe you
could say slightly on the weaker side
here. Um but it certainly wasn't what
estimates were which was something that
was sub seven. There you go. But the
tech sector is firing right. HStech is
up some 1%. You are seeing some pretty
punchy gains on Alibaba and the like.
Chip stocks are doing this. So smi Huah
local players also doing quite well.
ASMPT also up close to 5% here on the
back of those TSMC earnings. And
certainly I think it what we heard was
that they really did try to at least
allay some of the concerns uh in the
industry right whether that memory chip
shortage might not be an issue according
to CEO when it comes to high-end
products as well and really those you
know the potential power constraints
when it comes to AI data center buildout
those are not real according to TSMC so
that certainly is helping that sector
here this morning we're watching of
course some key ones when it comes to
Wooi Bio Dairy Unisound all when it
comes to announcing placements here
today. So there you go.
>> The the not so popular distant cousin of
the IPO fundraising story [laughter] is
still a secondary placement market that
seems uh to the uh I think it was was it
Julie Andrew Sound of Music uh alive and
well. The hills are alive with the sound
of music. There we go. There we go.
>> Alive and well. [laughter]
>> It's not a song.
>> It's not a song. Right. I'm making
things up. It's Friday and it's going to
get very cold next week. So, just bear
with us while our our brain synapses
don't fire as quickly. Uh, that's real,
by the way. Check the weather forecast.
Um, speaking of hotter and cooler these
markets, Winnie Woo is here with us,
head of APAC equity strategy at BOA
Global Research. Good morning. Happy New
Year.
>> Happy New Year.
>> Nice to see you. Before we talk about, I
know you just returned from a trip. The
I just want to ask you about your
assessment the start of the year uh and
they came out, they raised the margin uh
the the margin ratio. Were there signs
to you that the market was slightly
overheated at the start of this year?
>> Um in fact in our year ahead of strategy
we did say risk count for first quarter.
Um I think this year the performance of
the market for China market could be
more frontloaded. Um the start year is
very strong partly because you know we
discussed the liquid liquidity factors
such as insurance strong jump strongar
sales and insurers need to allocate
their premium into the domestic Asia
equity market. I think there are
expectations of you know um the better
USChina relationship given President Xi
and Trump is going to meet potentially a
few times this year. Um and then there's
the March two sessions. This is the
first year of the 15th five-year plan.
So there could be big infrastructure
project or big plans being announced. So
I think there and of course the optimism
on global AI is coming back and China
technology innovation that is a very
structural theme. So I think this year
at the beginning of the year we did see
a lot of excitement um and a lot of
share price movement but we do want to
give a bit words of caution that you
know this year could remain to be a
quite volatile year. We need to be
mindful of the rotations. So for the
fullear perspective we still say barbell
strategy right. So when some of the
growth beta names gone very far be
careful of the rotation and corrections.
>> Yeah. So what's sort of the
recommendation that you're seeing? I
mean you just came back from the US. I'm
just wondering the long only the hedge
funds. Yeah.
>> Are they willing to chase this rally
now?
>> Uh interestingly I think Asia investors
are more bullish on the Asia market and
China is one of the favorite market in
within this region right you know I
think the focus is very much Korea is
the the topic within the region. Um
followed by Japan and China. Uh this is
actually the feedback from our CIO
conference yesterday. You know, Bank of
America just hold our CIO conference. So
we spoke to a lot of investor here in
Hong Kong. But over in US where I've
spent like 10 days for for meeting
investors in New York, Boston, Miami, I
think the positioning on China over
there is actually quite light, right?
The hedge fund, the tourist monies are
not focusing on on China. All right.
there are easier places for them to
deploy capital whether it's Brazil latam
or Korea memory cycle or the domestic UI
US AI story. So I think you know the
positioning in US is low uh which
fundamentally is actually good news that
there's more upside for global capital
to increase allocation in China. the
position in China I mean I think you
mentioned okay the so I think my
question now is it when you have a
global bull market where almost
everything's doing well
>> do you think they're underweight China
as a function of negative news in China
or is that because they're just
>> there's just there's a better story
there's better stories elsewhere
>> okay uh this is actually something I I
published yesterday I wrote because
initially it was a bit puzzling to me
right like why why aren't the American
investors more bullish on China and I
find out after meeting with many of them
the reason is one is there are easier
trades elsewhere right and I think in
the beginning of the year we have seen
some rebound in concern on geopolitical
tensions um after what happened in
Venezuela right but more fundamentally
is because in China last year you know
we saw stock price being volatile
because the themes rotate very fast so
if you're sitting far away as a overseas
investor you know you might be late to a
theme and when you buy it might be the
final 10 20% and then you face a 30%
correction but given the stock scar
effect in the previous year's down cycle
now many over investor don't have the
conviction to hold through and wait for
the next round of rally so they might
have bought late and sold too early
before the next rally came
>> oh no
>> and the second problem is in China now
the market leaders a lot of them are new
and familiar to overseas investors you
talk about AI techn technology and
infrastructure names talking about
humanoid robot and component supplier
innovative drugs all those are quite new
themes and many especially I think
American investor they lost their China
analyst over the downturn and now they
don't have the talent they don't have
the bandwidth to follow and track these
new themes so many of their position
remains to be in the large cap internet
consumer EV those names which is still
too dragged down by the broader micro
themes of price war, over capacity, weak
consumption. And finally, the third
factor is, you know, many of the new
leaders are Asia companies, right? The
industrial the technology with
relatively poor English disclosure and
and some of the especially technology
company, they are reluctant to talking
to American investors. They don't want
to get on the sanction list. So the
disclosure, the communication remains to
be a gap. Yeah. So there are other than
easier money elsewhere, geopolitical
tensions, there are really these other
constraints which is uh which is holding
back some of the overseas investors but
I think there are there are again these
are potential upside right especially
>> it's a good problem to have if you think
about it.
>> Exactly. Exactly. And and from a
long-term perspective I do think the
long-term investors start to rebuild um
their China resources. I I I I did some
teaching on China market even China
banks on this trip and I think people
are exploring you know like basket right
if they can't follow the single stock
Asia names maybe it's easier to buy a
thematic basket like we offer you know
China innovation basket China humanoid
robot basket and I think also these new
IPOs is a great opportunity right
because now the sea level management the
CEOs now are willing to or need to speak
to global investors, they are willing to
tell their story and provide better
better disclosure get bridge the
information gap. So I think
[clears throat] these IPOs happening is
really important and interesting.
>> All right, Winnie, thank you for joining
us here. Winnie Woo there, head of APC
strategy, BFA global research. So this
is a a scoop that we have just broke uh
here on your terminal. So, China is
clamping down when it comes to
high-speed traders and removing data
servers. So, uh those servers are
dedicated to high frequency traders out
of local exchanges, data centers. That's
according to our sources, correct? And
they will affect highfrequency firms.
So, including global firms like Citadel,
Jane Street, Jump Trading, and threaten
their speed advantage. So, uh what else
are you seeing here right now?
Maybe just to to clarify what looks to
be based on the scoop the asset class
that that's that's come up to me so far
is in commodity markets. I think that
that's very that's an important
qualification here. So uh qualifier so
commodities futures exchanges in
Shanghai and in Guangjo are among those
that have uh can we get a commodities
board up please? Not this one. uh have
ordered local brokers to shift servers
for their clients out of data centers
run by the exchanges. That's according
to people familiar what's going I know
it's a lot of piping conversations here.
I think
>> we'll we'll clarify and
>> uh finesse some of the details that's
come through out of this Bloomberg scoop
that's come out so far. But yes, uh
certainly something to to keep an eye on
uh going forward. Okay. Um coming up uh
why not talk about US Taiwan the trade
deal and [music] then you have TSMC
uh the story there. So the trade pack uh
cutting cars boosting chip investments
what that means for the US in America's
uh uh exercise to boost its
semiconductor capacity [music]
domestically. All that is just ahead
TSMC on your screens. One and a half% to
the upside. This is the China show.
>> [music]
>> All right, we are just tracking of
course the latest when it comes to this
US Taiwan [music] trade deal. So some
lines that are crossing from the
Taiwanese side here right now. uh they
said they are going to be signing that
trade deal in the coming weeks and also
they're going to expand US to expand
investments in Taiwan as well. So of
course we had that pledge of the
Taiwanese and their American
investments. Looks like it could be
happening both ways. Uh Taiwan also to
announce market access and that card
tariff after that deal signing. So
that's the latest when when we hear on
this deal, but we talked about right
lowering those tariffs on goods from the
island to 15% and really putting it
along the same lines as as economies
like Korea uh like Japan. Um also chip
companies in Taiwan increasing of course
their financing for their US operations.
Bloomber Economics sees the agreement
having a modest impact when it comes to
its economy but says it represents an
important political development. Let's
bring in Michael Deng, geoeconomics
technology analyst. He joins us now.
Michael, it's great to have you on the
program. Uh, what do you think this this
deal means for Taiwan and and why are
semiconductors at the center of it?
>> Yeah. So, you know, Taiwan really spent
a lot of last year struggling to
finalize that trade deal with the US,
seeing the trade deal go across the
finish line for Korea and Japan. Uh, and
the concern there was that, you know,
we've seen improved USChina relations
late last year given the Daytona we saw
there. Uh, there's also Trump's expected
Beijing trip to April coming up. And so,
the fear was if this didn't go through,
it could have left him sidelined. Um, so
now that the deal has gone through and
then you take that along with uh the
arms deal uh that we saw last month, it
really sends a signal that the US uh is
still supporting Taiwan, still invested
in this relationship. Um, you know, and
semiconductors are at the heart of this
because uh they're the biggest Taiwanese
export to the US. Um, you know, chips up
until now have been exempt uh for from
Trump's tariffs. Uh, but there was a lot
of lack of clarity around, you know,
what how long that exemption would hold.
We knew for a while that there were
section 232 tariffs coming on
semiconductors and there was a vague
exemption mechanism that was talked
about here or there. Um so the important
thing here is we finally get clarity
around like and around the concrete
mechanism that um the US is going to use
to exempt most semiconductors from from
the tariff impact and for such an
important product. It's very good to
have that clarity finally.
>> Yeah and Michael David here thank you
for joining us. So the it's it's
sometimes very difficult to figure out
when we have these trade [music] deals
that take so long to negotiate and
finally we're here what in the fine
print is actually new and I think this
half a trillion headline uh in terms of
sort of both direct investment and
credit guarantees how much of that is
actually new and broadly how does it fit
into the broader strategy? Yeah. So,
it's interesting um of that 500 billion
that was announced, right? Uh we've
already seen reports say that the 165
billion that TSMC has already committed
out of the 250 half that's the direct
investment um you know that's included
in there. So, it's not all new
investment. It's still sizable what
whatever's left over and you could see
lots of room and they've discussed that
part of that could be the additional
four fabs that have been reported as
part of that investment. Uh the other
half of that is the 250 billion. That's
a softer commitment of credit
guarantees. Uh it's a softer commitment,
but I think that there's plenty of use
there as well, especially for a lot of
these small and medium Taiwanese
businesses that are going to need to be
set up in Arizona to support that
ecosystem that's developing there,
especially if TSMZ makes good on all the
investments that it's announced so far.
>> And we heard from the commerce secretary
Howard Lut. said the goal is really to
have 40% of Taiwan's supply chain or
semiconductor supply chain in the US.
Does that look reasonable to you or or
realistic at all?
>> Um it it's definitely ambitious. I'll
say that it it's not impossible over
let's say the next decade. Um so before
this deal the rough idea was uh maybe
30% of TSMC's uh most advanced capacity
so 2 nanometer and better um would be in
Arizona and but that's assuming like all
the construction projects announced
before this current deal was finished.
Um so we now now know there's going to
be probably four new additional fabs
there. Um and you know TSMC capacity
isn't all of the semi the semiconductor
supply chain. Um but it's it's most of
it, right? And so you you can kind of
squint and see how you get there. So
it's possible. Uh but again,
>> you know, advanced fabs are hugely
expensive. They take years to build. Um
TSMC has still spoken about the
permitting issues that they have there,
though, you know, that has improved over
the last year. Um but you know,
workforce, supply chain, infrastructure,
it's not out of the question, but you
know, it's not going to happen quickly.
>> Michael, fantastic. Thank you so much.
Great insights and really the the nuance
is what's key there. Uh Michael Dung,
Bloomberg economics, geoeconomics, tech
analyst. In fact, when you look at TSMC
and the big number that's coming up,
this is the projection from analysts.
It's really what part of TSMC's revenue
is really at the very very high end,
three and three nanometer and below. And
what part of that capacity separately
will actually go into the United States
as far as advanced chip manufacturing um
is concerned. But yes, you know, uh
earnings were out, capex guidance was
out signaling confidence in the
longevity here, uh of the global AI
boom. The CFO Wendel Huang spoke with us
uh about that expansion in Taiwan and
also in the United States.
>> It's really depends on customer demand.
In the US a lot of customer uh wants to
go there. So we will expand over there.
But for the leading edge technologies,
it will be in Taiwan because it's a
heavy cooperation between the R&D people
and operation people for practical
reasons
>> and leading edge will continue to be led
by Taiwan you think over the US market
and that no changes to that at all even
with you adding a lot more capacity in
the states.
>> Yeah, that's for practical reasons. Is
it possible though to to speed up how
quickly that advanced tech can be
shifted from Taiwan to the states?
>> Yeah, we can try to do that to shorten
the gap.
>> What does that transfer gap look like
then? If if right now it's it's it's
several years Taiwan is ahead. What does
that actually look like in the future?
>> We don't have a specific timeline now,
but we do uh we can try to accelerate
that. We think we can try to accelerate.
>> Could it be shortened to months? Do you
think
>> it will be difficult challenging?
>> Okay. So it stays at least one one year
behind then
>> capex it's it's 52 to 56 billion this
year.
>> Yeah. For this year. So can you tell us
exactly how much of that is going to the
US given you've got such a big focus on
the capacity build out there? We don't
just uh break down those numbers but we
do tell people that in the next three
years the total kax is going to be
significantly higher than the number is
the past three years. So that is an
evidence of our strong conviction uh in
the AI mega trend.
>> Our sources are saying for instance at
least four additional fabs could be
added in the US in addition to what's
already been pledged. Is that realistic?
It depends on customers demand. Uh we
are looking at very strong customer
demand.
>> Could you give us the number?
>> We don't have the number. Now
>> do you want to ask about Intel as well?
I'm wondering whether you see any any
potential for collaboration with the
business given they've got very strong
expertise in advanced packaging
technology in particular. Could that be
an area for you to work on given you're
already outsourcing this to third
parties with your constraints? It
depends if it makes sense to the
customers and also if it makes sense to
our wafer business. The advanced
packaging business to us is a strategic
>> uh it enable our wafer business. So if
we are there are more alternatives in
the market which can enable our business
we can consider that.
>> Would you weigh up investing in Intel
just like some of your biggest customers
have done? No discussion at all. All I'm
trying to say is it's can be considered
>> Taiwanese dollar in our survey of uh
different FX strategists and analysts at
Bloomberg, they're actually saying it's
going to end the year at 30.9.
So what is the the impact to you if you
see that further sort of strengthening
and what sort of headwind does it
represent?
>> Foreign exchange rate between US dollar
and T does affect our profitability. In
the past the for every percentage change
in foreign exchange rate it will affect
our margins gross margins and operating
margin by 40 basis point. Nowadays when
the margins are higher the impact become
less sensitive. So nowadays it's about
30 basis points either way.
>> And how are you looking at uh hedging
strategies as well? The easiest way is
to sell US dollar into NT. However, the
market impact should be considered. If
we're not able to sell all these, then
we will do the for contract. And if
we're still cannot accommodate all the
positions, then we will continue to do
moving the uh the US dollar to the
offshore entity which has uh US dollar
as its functional currency.
That was TSMC SVP and CFO Wendel Hong
speaking with Bell in [music] Taipei.
And if you are a subscriber and want to
rewatch that interview, you can watch
through our interactive TV function.
Just check it out at TVGO.
[music]
All right, we're just going to go
through some of these movers. Yeah, BYD
2 2% to the upside. That's number one.
Number two is Trip.com. And we'll spend
more time on this in the next hour.
Certainly given the investigations there
around the company [music] which the
company said they are of course going to
uh cooperate uh with with investors. Uh
shares up slightly [music] today. I
think it was Uenta Securities that's
come out with the buy rating on the
stock there. And of course coming up in
the next hour, Morning Star will be
joining us as well to [music] talk us
through their outlook and their
assessment of what's happened given the
investigation.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the HSI half hour into the
session and we are seeing here a session
well we're coming off some of the
initial highs uh from the open there.
you know, obviously we're tracking
what's been going on uh when it comes to
the AI trade and the like here, but you
are seeing um yeah, what's really kind
of leading to sentiment to kind of sour
a bit in the last few minutes.
>> Yeah. Well, I think the not so much the
news flow, but the price moves in in the
last what 10 trading sessions that we
roughly had so far course of the year,
right? So, does it really
>> I guess to some extent matter how good
the reporting was out of TSMZ just as an
example, right? the fact that the shares
have run up and not to say of course
over the over the longer term because
that's a different proposition when you
look at 12 month targets but you know
selling the news is probably something
that you could attach to some of these
markets right now in fact I think TSMC
last we checked was up 4 and a half
overnight was up two and a half at the
open can we show TSMC please just to get
a sense and my I imagine that's come off
a little bit uh off the highs of the day
uh Taiwan is up 1.1
um flip the page please just to get a
sense of what TSMC is doing another chip
plays as you might see Huhong semi could
be a separate story but yeah there we go
see we are coming off of the day on TSMC
uh but all that is to say you know this
is a longer term story of course in the
AI trade joining us now to talk us
through uh the state of these markets
going into the weekend and quite a uh
really good two weeks we've had so far
in 2026 Abishek Vishnu our senior
equities reporter uh joins us out of
Singapore Abashek let's talk about this
Bloomberg scope in a moment on China and
data centers and what have brokers and
what they're being what they're doing
being asked to do but uh what's the
sentiment right now across markets
today? What's your what's your team
talking about?
>> Well, it's pretty much you know how 2025
was you know um TSMC results have made
sure that AR remains the core equity
trade and the rotation that everybody
was thinking about just a few sessions
ago that u gets put on the back burner.
So you know um in setup in case of Asia
setup you know China, Korea, Taiwan they
remain the darlings markets like India
would continue to underperform even if
on the absolute level there may be some
gains. um the results and the confidence
by TSMC's management uh you know given
uh their guidance and uh Kagar guidance
for the next few years shows that uh
even the consensus earning estimates are
sort of underpricing AI being um you
know not cyclical but a structural
change you know like we have seen
comparisons with industrial revolution
and things like that so those estimates
are getting revised upwards I think TSMC
itself has gotten upgrades of 7 to 8
odd% by a couple of brokers including
Morgan Stanley uh and that should flow
in the entire gamut of supply chain
especially in Japan semiconductor
equipment plays you know chip testers in
Malaysia as well um and uh you know TSMC
peers um uh you know across the globe so
that remains pretty much the setup and
on the other side I mean we've got this
um you know somewhat of a cloud clouds
coming on China because the regulators
the government want a slower bull market
there so in addition to you know, some
stowing macro data, some um, you know,
not so great margin financing moves. Uh,
we've now gotten this, uh, you know,
clamp down on HFTs that you're take
talking about.
>> Yeah. And there was this this scoop that
we just had about regulators clamping
down on these high-speed traders and and
removing data centers or servers, I
should say. Can you tell us what what
this all means and and what impact it
could have on the market?
>> So, you know, we are seeing somewhat of
an impact on the market. If you see
China started higher now you know we are
you know it has given up gains across
indexes even in Hong Kong. Um but you
know this is nothing uh dissimilar to
what's happening in the rest of the
world. You got to understand that you
know high frequency traders big firms
they do get muscle they do get a lot
more power as they as they're very close
to exchanges and if you're operating
your servers are operating from data
centers of exchanges you are in the
heart of stock exchange that gives you
time advantage all these exchanges and
you know futures commissions are doing
is creating a level playing field
because they now realize that uh these
uh these companies might be having a
little too much unfair advantage um and
uh you know which puts uh local and
other investors uh at at a disadvantage.
Uh now what we understand from our scope
is uh that you know this uh um you know
um high frequency traders um have been
told to remove their uh you know servers
from local stock exchanges, data centers
um they would largely impact uh these
kind of traders, institutional traders
within China and also firms like Jane
Street uh jump trading etc.
The plans are that people familiar with
the meta have told us that exchanges are
planning to preliminary add a couple of
milliseconds to the latency of any
servers. Um and and this should help. I
mean um we are seeing the market you
know giving up its gains right now but
look similar thing happened in India
similar thing happened in the US but
markets are at record highs uh you know
at both the places. Whether India's
underperforming right now is immaterial.
So keep this context in mind. These
things happen. These are you know market
structure changes which are required but
if there is money to be made any kind of
investor institutional or retail will
find a way to make that money and China
remains in a in in great spot despite
the macro issues I mean China is not a
macro trade right now it's a trade on AI
it's a trade on technology innovation
and that would keep it uh you know in in
pretty strong hands so um any great dip
you know from on back of this this move
this uh clampdown as we are calling
you know would be a buying buy on dip
opportunity as uh you know some
investors have told me
>> Abishek fantastic thank you Abishek
Vishno Vishnoy there our senior Asia
equities reporter uh right just to pivot
to one of the stories we touched on
there with with Abashek of course which
is the Taiwan and TSMC story now more
broadly of course on the trade pack here
so they have the two sides have agreed
uh the US and Taiwan on a trade pack to
lower tariffs on goods from the uh from
the island to 15 uh% now in return you
Taiwanese semiconductor companies will
increase financing for their American
operations uh by $500 billion. Now, that
includes at least 250 billion in direct
investments to expand semiconductor
energy and AI facilities.
>> Yeah. And TSMC says it will try to speed
up the transfer of its advanced chipm
expertise to the US will continue to
develop and maintain its top fabrication
techniques at home. The CFO Wendel Hong
telling us that even with faster
transfers, it would still take at least
a year for mass form production of its
leading technology.
We don't look at it this way. It's
really depends on customer demand. In
the US, a lot of customer uh wants to go
there. So, we will expand over there.
But for the leading edge technologies,
it will be in Taiwan because it's a
heavy cooperation between the R&D people
and operation people for practical
reasons
>> and leading edge will continue to be led
by Taiwan you think over the US market
and that no changes to that at all even
with you adding a lot more capacity in
the states.
>> Yeah, that's for practical reasons. Is
it possible though to to speed up how
quickly that advanced tech can be
shifted from Taiwan to the states?
>> Yeah, we can try to do that to shorten
the gap.
>> What does that transfer gap look like
then? If if right now it's it's it's
several years, Taiwan is ahead. What
does that actually look like in the
future?
>> We don't have a specific timeline now,
but we do uh we can try to accelerate
that. We think we can try to accelerate.
>> Could it be shortened to months? Do you
think
>> it will be difficult challenging?
>> Okay. So it stays at least one one year
behind then.
>> That was Bell with the CFO of TSMC
Wendel Hang uh just very recently of
course post the company's earnings.
Right. Uh just ahead from tech and IT
and AI we'll pivot and have a look at
Chinese biotech another hot [music]
sector. Kesso, CFO Ping Wang will be
joining us at the JP Morgan Healthcare
Conference. A lot of headlines, a lot of
deals from this week there. We'll talk
about drug innovations, deal making. Uh,
and of course, they do have one specific
[music] one that the market's very
attuned to at this point in time. So,
we'll see what we can find out um out of
Aesso in a moment. [music] That
exclusive interview is just ahead.
>> [music]
>> Well, Friday, well, it is Friday, the
last day of the healthc [music] care
sector's marquee event, the JP Morgan
Summit in San Francisco. We've been
getting plenty of market moving
announcements and really kind of great
guests really the whole week here on the
China show and really including news
from Chinese firm AESO that is US
partner Summit Therapeutics who's
seeking FDA approval for combination use
of a cancer medication which last year
helped thrust China's biotech sector
into the global arena.
>> Yep. Joining us exclusively is AESO CFO
Bing Wang to talk us through this
specific drug in the pipeline and many
others that they have in store plus
industry trends. Bingong, good morning
from the Asia Pacific and we appreciate
your time. Um, if we could start on this
one specifically um, Iboness I let me
just start Iboness map. Um, the market
just wants to figure out what
probability they attach to this getting
approved. uh by the FDA. What are your
thoughts on that?
>> Well, uh obviously I I can't predict the
future, but based on all the data that
we generated in China, as well as the
fact that over 60,000 uh [clears throat]
patients in China in real world setting
have already used this and have
consistent profile uh with our uh I
would say four phase three study all
successful phase three study with great
efficacy and safety. I think the chances
are pretty good. So, you know, uh from
everything that we've seen so far, we
feel pretty good.
>> There there are still some concerns
among investors about some of the
results that came out from this latest
stage study here reported by Summit
>> that it perhaps didn't pro provide
enough definitive results that didn't
meet FDA requirements. How do you begin
to even address those concerns or have
you already?
>> Sure. I think um some of the
conversations obviously you know summit
has with the FDA but from our
perspective if you actually look at the
trend of the data that summit has
generated it's been consistent with
everything that we generated in China.
So so that's the first piece. Um I think
the second piece again I think if you
look at the the data package
holistically and and the fact that we
have multiple uh data generated show
consistent safety and efficacy uh from
the Chinese data uh and that actually
telegraphs pretty well in the US data.
So overall I think you know the SE team
has done a fantastic job in developing
this product and addressing some of
those concern but again we're going to
have to seeuh how the FDA decides uh
later this year
>> right you know some of your peers in the
industry have have also looked
specifically at at this area and I
wonder if and when let's just say when
of course to the point you're making all
the data points this getting getting
through um uh is differentiation even a
concern for you at this point in time or
is is the is the pool and potential
large enough for everybody at this
point?
>> Well, I mean there are two separate
questions. So the second part of of the
question which is the pool the pool is
is is quite large, right? I think top
tier analysts have estimated this to be
close to, you know, hundred billion
dollars potentially, you know. Uh but
from our perspective, it's hard for us
to answer that question because
between us and summit, we actually have
really successful phase three. We have
four phase three studies that show
consistent efficacy and safety across
the board. The rest of the world
combined have zero phase three study. So
it's hard for us to make that comparison
because we actually have four versus
zero for the rest of the world. Um and
the other point we want to highlight is
that
>> by specific antibodies which is a class
of drug that we're working on the
differences uh between bi specifics
hitting the same two targets are
actually much greater than single target
monocone antibodies. So while single
target setting hitting PD1 you know PD1A
versus PD1B
you know the the differences between
bicep specific is much greater than
single target. So the fact that we went
through and done four phase three study
showing consistent efficacy and safety
profile in in basically you know
thousands of patients. Um the burden of
proof is on everybody else to to hit
that level of efficacy and safety. So
right now it's hard for me to answer the
question because there's really no real
benchmark.
>> So it sounds like
>> Well, I think you
>> sounds like you're pretty confident,
right? Are are you pretty confident?
>> Pretty good. I think so. We'll we'll
maintain that lead. Yeah. [laughter]
>> Uh I was going to ask you about, you
know, obviously your main focus has been
on cancer treatments. Um but certainly
you also have diversified other areas,
right? Autoimmune diseases for example,
more recently Alzheimer's. Can you tell
us a bit more of the rationale of going
into these diseases in particular?
>> Yeah, great question. So, I think over
the past, you know, few years, we really
established our I would say global
leading capabilities in bpc antibodies
in iminooncology. So, we took that
capability and went into adjacent areas.
So, one of them is a class of drug
called antibbody drug conjugates. So, we
actually have two of those in in phase
one study in Australia and China right
now. One of those hits also is a bicep
specific antibbody drug conjugate
hitting two targets trope 2 neck and 4
at the same time. So by hitting two
targets in ADCs you actually reduces the
chance of tumor escape. So our goal is
actually to combine that bispecific ADC
with our bi-pecific IO agents to hit
four targets with two drugs. Now you
mentioned other therapeutic areas
outside of oncology. We also have a
first-in-class uh immunology asset that
hit a target called 4R and SC2 at the
same time. Again, we just want to give a
broader spectrum of suppression of some
of the the the drivers for imunological
disease such as COPD and asthma and
potentially attopic dermatitis at some
point. But one of the most exciting uh
announcement we had roughly about two
months ago to your point is Alzheimer's.
We're we're very excited by this. um you
know so we hit two targets one is a beta
amalloid so as you may know amaloid
plaque is a big driver of Alzheimer's
but the issue with current uh beta
amaloid antibodies is that it has
trouble getting across the bloodb brain
barrier so roughly 1% of the drug
actually gets into the brain so they
have to give patients really high dose
and and cause a lot of side effects so
what we did is we added a second target
in our bicep specific is a brain shutter
program that basically allows the
therapy to cross a blood brain barrier
in a much more efficient manner. So the
goal is then you don't have to give the
patients many drugs a lot more drug
actually hit the beta amaloid in the
brain and have a better chance of
actually helping patients uh to you know
basically uh uh to treat Alzheimer in
these patients. So we're very excited by
this. This is one of the most advanced
program in the world in this uh in this
setting. So we're we're very very
excited by by this molecule.
>> Yeah. And so so if you could be maybe
more specific. So 20 you have 26
candidates. Correct me if I'm wrong on
the actual figure. 26 candidates have
entered clinical trials. Of the 26 which
one specifically if any are in the
Alzheimer's uh direction uh if any if
you could give us a timet to uh if at
all.
>> Yeah. So one we have one program that we
announced in in November that have
entered um into clinical study for
Alzheimer's. So that's AK-152 and that's
a bispecific uh targeting beta amalloid
and a brain shuttle uh receptor.
>> Okay, understood. Uh and so that's
that's one of the 20 that's one of the
26. Could you give us maybe more because
I think you have seven that are now uh
commercially available. Uh could you
give us a timeline maybe of the 25 the
other 20 not all 25 but just give us a
sense of what to expect this year?
>> Sure. We have uh you know a lot of um
potential update for this year for for
2026. Uh I think a lot of folks are
focused on potential data updates and
and regulatory uh updates for Aanismab.
This is our PD1 VEGF by specific that we
partner with Summit. So, you know,
potential uh uh approval for um you
know, for summit side in in the US,
something that I think we're we're we're
very excited about as well as additional
expansion of indication for avenismab in
China. So, right now it is approved for
second line lung cancer for folks that
have used a small molecule targeted uh
drug called EGFR inhibitors for folks
refractory from that. That's approved in
China. It is also approved for firstline
monotherapy for first line non small
cell lung cancer and so hopefully very
soon we'll add on to additional
indications within non small cell lung
cancer where you use it in combination
with chemo. So uh so there's multiple
expansion of indications just for aismab
alone and then
>> you know our other uh bspecific for
imunoncology is catalytab uh this is a
targets both targets are actually
imunotherapy so that's PD1 CTLA4 um we
announced actually just a few months ago
we started two global registrational
studies so this product is approved in
China but in the past few months we
actually started two global
registrational study one for second line
liver cancer and the other one for first
line gastric cancer. So these are global
studies and with these approval
hopefully everybody in the around the
world can benefit from catalyt and then
we have a number of early asset that we
talked about earlier.
Yeah, big one. It it's interesting. I
still remember back in 2022 when, you
know, this this deal with Summit really
kind of catapulted you guys and Chinese
biotech sort of into the main stage uh
over there at the conference. What are
conversations like this time around in
San Francisco? And and are you out to to
be, you know, making any announcements
here in terms of outlicensing deals this
year?
We're not going to obviously uh tip our
hand there, but I think a lot of the
conversation is
I think companies recognize not only are
two bicep specific again ivvinismab and
catalytimab
um have really good efficacy but they
have very very good safety profile. So
this is key because we actually talked
to quite a number of other companies
right that want to take their drug and
combine it with ours to do combination
therapy. So this is where the efficacy
again demonstrated across multiple phase
three studies is key because if you
think about other parties right they
don't want uh negative data so they
actually want to partner with product
that are very very safe and potentially
going to be a cornerstone you know IO
agents in the future so some of our
conversations around that and you
actually saw an announcement from summit
that they're going to partner Ivonismab
GSK's B7H3 antibbody drug conjugate so I
think as people see that you know our
bicep specific can potentially replace
the current PD1 treatment as anchor
oncology treatments. We're going to see
we have a lot lot of folks that want to
take their drug and combine with us and
actually help them to take their product
to the clinic as well. So basically last
year is about us running ahead of
everybody else. Now this year is about
everybody running fast together
>> which you know which is a good thing
which is a good thing and you know this
is not my journalist hat talking this is
me as a human talking. I wish you all
the success and hopefully of course you
guys nail this for the world's for the
world's benefit. Can I just ask you a
final question as CFO in terms of
financing this year? How much debt or
equity do you think you'll need? I I
just looking at your uh your financial
statements and do you think you'll be
profitable this year?
>> No, we're we're not giving any type of
uh break even guidance uh this year. Um
we will continue to invest in our R&D.
We have one of the most I would say uh
uh efficient u and actually highly
productive R&T program. So we're
actually investing into R&D like a
biotech based in California Boston. So
we're going to continue to innovate. We
have been very productive. So we're not
giving any guidance on breaking even. So
our P&L right our revenue and and
operating income is primarily come from
from from China. But our R&D value is
global in nature. So again, we're going
to continue to invest in R&D and we're
not giving any guidance on on break even
and P&L.
>> All right,
>> message received.
>> We'll wait until the earnings. Bing
Wang, thank you so much. CFO at a case
and and what a voice. If if [laughter]
you don't want to do biotech, Bing, let
us know.
>> Yeah,
>> we can we can you can host a podcast or
even host a [laughter] show on TV.
>> Speaking of TV, uh you can watch, of
course, this interview on TV go
interactive function there. Make sure to
[music] check it out. This is Bloomberg.
[music]
All right. Uh a
decently big move in the Japanese
currency as you can see on dollar yen.
So from 15870, we're now pushing uh into
the low 140s right now. 15840s. uh com
commentary coming out out of the finance
minister. Uh number one, they're
concerned about the recent yen weakness.
They have said time and again they're
prepared to take bold action uh and that
there's an agreement with the US
Treasury SE including uh intervention
uh so far but yes more verbal push back
coming through here. Yeah, I mean I
think we we were close to even 160 um
overnight and I think that was sort of
the psychological level that most
thought maybe that does spark some
intervention which was what we saw sort
of last year. Yeah.
>> Um so certainly that's going to be one
thing to watch here. Um we are seeing
maybe them amping up the verbal
intervention at least from the finance
[music] minister here this morning. Uh
we're also checking some stocks like JR
East for example. Big moves that we saw
earlier here. Uh [music] there was some
outages of the like here, but we're
hearing the Yamanote line to resume
service around 100 pm local times
[music]
essentially you try to ask and say
whether the AI demand is real or not. Uh
I'm also very nervous about it. You bet
because we have to invest about 52 to 56
billion US dollar for the KPX, right? If
we didn't do it carefully
and u uh that would be a big disaster to
TSMC for sure.
There was the CEO of TSMC [music]
there on the topic of AI demand and of
course following the company's earnings
and the guidance and analysts playing
really some massive catch-up bumping up
the consensus price target on the stock
by 7% from pre-release to postrelease as
of this morning that consensus target
stands at about 2150 on the stock
itself. Uh that's a 12-month horizon of
course. Joining us now to talk us
through the company earnings is our Asia
tech correspondent Annabelle who was in
Taipei for us of course to talk us
through and the conversation that you
had of course with the CF. Did anything
actually stand among the many many many
things we could talk about uh with with
about TSMC here?
>> Yeah. Well, I think just reflecting on
what you heard from CC Way there, it was
that big focus at least initially in the
earnings conference on on the AI demand
because that was in response to a
question from JP Morgan actually what CC
Way said there. But but essentially they
were saying that they've spoken not just
to their customers but their customers
of customers as well. And that's why
they're so confident about this huge
capex investment that they're making
because between 52 to 56 billion this
year that's way past what we saw last
year and well ahead as well of what we
saw the year before that. So they're
just saying essentially that they're
continuing to ramp up investment and and
that's also because they again see that
that demand is genuine and and and
certainly played into the figures
because they're looking for sales growth
for instance this year of around 30% or
or nearabouts in US dollar terms and
also looking for for better margins as
well. And this was a really interesting
point because uh gross profit margins
they're expecting to come in between 63
and 65%
that was ahead of analyst estimates at
59.6 6, but also their longerterm
target, they raised this because they've
stuck at 53% for such a long time, they
actually felt comfortable enough to
raise that to 56%. But it just speaks to
their capacity utilization, how strong
that is, and also that pricing power
they have in the market as well. And
that's enough to offset uh this huge
investment of course that they're making
in the states.
>> And TSMC, I mean, very much at the
center of this trade deal with the US
and Taiwan have agreed upon here. what
was what was their sort of response to
to all that?
>> Yeah, exactly. I mean, it's it's been a
pact that's been months in the making
essentially, and even though TSMC wasn't
named specifically in in the in the
statement on this, uh we we know, of
course, that they're they're very much
>> really the focus point of it in terms of
what's being committed because you're
looking at at a 500 uh billion dollars
in financing essentially. So, $250
billion in direct investments that
includes 100 billion that's already been
pledged by TSMC, but also looking at a
further $250 billion in credit
guarantees for further investments uh in
the American semiconductor supply chain.
So, I think that when you talk about
TSMC, of course, I was really interested
to try and get a sense of exactly how
many fabs are you looking to add there
because we had reporting this week that
they were looking at at least four
additional ones. They've just acquired a
second site in Arizona. Uh they've got
already pledges in place for six uh fabs
plus two advanced packaging facilities,
one R&D facility as well. So a very big
site that they're building out there.
But in terms of the priority as well, I
I spoke with the CFO Hendong about this.
Which one is more important, Taiwan or
the US? And which way do you think about
it as well? But take a listen.
>> It's really depends on customer demand.
In the US a lot of customer uh wants to
go there so we will expand over there
but for the leading edge technologies it
will be in Taiwan because it's a heavy
cooperation between the R&D people and
operation people for practical reasons
>> and leading edge will continue to be led
by Taiwan you think over the US market
and that no changes to that at all even
with you adding a a lot more capacity in
the states.
>> Yeah, that's for practical reasons.
>> Is it possible though to to speed up how
quickly that advanced tech can be
shifted from Taiwan to the states?
>> Yeah, we can try to do that to shorten
the gap.
>> What does that transfer gap look like
then? If if right now it's it's it's
several years, Taiwan is ahead. What
does that actually look like in the
future?
>> We don't have a specific timeline now,
but we do uh we can try to accelerate
that. We think we can try to accelerate.
Could it be shortened to months? Do you
think
>> it will be difficult challenging?
>> Okay. So it stays at least one one year
behind then
>> capex it's it's 52 to56 billion this
year.
>> Yeah for this year. So can you tell us
exactly how much of that is going to the
US given you've got such a big focus on
the capacity build out there? We don't
just uh break down those numbers but we
do tell people that in the next three
years the total kax is going to be
significantly higher than the number in
the past three years. So that is an
evidence of our strong conviction uh in
the AI mega trend.
>> Our sources are saying for instance at
least four additional fabs could be
added in the US in addition to what's
already been pledged. Is that realistic?
It depends on customers demand. Uh we
are looking at very strong customer
demand.
>> Could you give us the number?
>> We don't have the number. Now
>> do you want to ask about Intel as well?
I'm wondering whether you see any any
potential for collaboration with the
business given they've got very strong
expertise in advanced packaging
technology in particular. Could that be
an area for you to work on given you're
already outsourcing this to third
parties with your constraints? It
depends if it makes sense to the
customers and also if it makes sense to
our wafer business. The advanced
packaging business to us is a strategic
>> uh it enable our wafer business. So if
we are there are more alternatives in
the market which can enable our
business, we can consider that.
>> Would you weigh up investing in Intel
just like some of your biggest customers
have done? no discussion at all. All I'm
trying to say is it's can be considered
>> Taiwanese dollar in our survey of uh
different FX strategists and analysts at
Bloomberg, they're actually saying it's
going to end the year at 30.9.
So what is the the impact to you if you
see that further sort of strengthening
and what sort of headwind does it
represent?
>> Foreign exchange rate between US dollar
and T does affect our profitability. In
the past the for every percentage change
in foreign exchange rate it will affect
our margins gross margins and operating
margin by 40 basis point. Nowadays when
the margins are higher the impact be
become less sensitive. So nowadays it's
about 30 basis points either way.
>> And how are you looking at uh hedging
strategies as well? The easiest way is
to sell US dollar into NT. However, the
market impact should be considered. If
we're not able to sell all these, then
we will do the for contract and if we're
still cannot accommodate all the
positions, then we will continue to do
moving the uh the US dollar to the
offshore entity which has uh US dollar
as its functional currency.
Yes. So, the currency of course was was
quite a big headwind for the company
last year when you had that biggest
one-day move in in the Taiwanese dollar
in early May uh in four decades. But
coming into this year, I think it's
going to be very interesting to watch
just given that size of the commitment
to to the US in this new trade pack
between Taipei and Washington. Perhaps
you actually start to see the Taiwanese
dollar come a little bit under pressure.
>> All right, Belle. Thank you, Annabelle
Jewelers. Thanks so much. and great work
there of course in Taipei. Uh coming up
we're going to talk a little more about
Trip.com. Morning Star giving their
outlook when it comes to the company
[music] as shares of China's largest
online travel platform plunge as
regulators launch an antirust
investigation. Uh yeah, before we take a
short break, uh just look at some live
pictures I believe [music] here out of
Japan of course where you do have the
both the Japanese government officials
and of course [music] the Italian prime
minister um in Tokyo there based on
early reporting out of the NK Japan to
agree on space development [music] and
separately the Yumi Uri news is talking
about how both are also set to agree on
critical minerals cooperation. More on
that and more. This is mumbra.
[music]
All right. Telling you about all the
diplomacy that's been happening here.
[music]
uh what we're seeing with China and
Canada pushing to expand energy deals
with visiting Prime Minister Mark Carney
looking to sell more oil and gas while
also courting Chinese investment in
batteries and renewables. And earlier we
spoke with the CEO of WPIC about access
to critical minerals.
>> There have been restrictions on critical
minerals. There's also been restrictions
on ships headed into this market. I mean
that which affects us and our data
centers here too as well. But
realistically, it might have increased
costs in some of those areas, but we're
not running into a lot of businesses
that are having total maybe production
shutdowns because they don't have access
to what they need right now. And the
same thing with all the last earnings in
China, too. They've said as well,
they're getting access to the chips and
compute that they need too. So, you
know, hopefully, you know, governments
see that and and just start to remove
these barriers from us.
>> Stephen Engel, our chief North Asia
correspondent, joins us from Shanghai.
Steve, before we look ahead to the
meeting with President Xi, just just
help us understand the significance of
this framework agreement around energy
between the two sides.
>> Yeah, I think it was quite interesting
obviously because uh there's been a bit
of a diplomatic chill over the last
eight years or so between Canada and
China, especially over the last couple
of years. We had back in 2018, of
course, the arrest of the Huawei
executive Muan Joe. But then in the last
couple of years under Prime Minister
Justin Trudeau, you had Ottawa
essentially putting some of their trade
policies towards China in line with the
United States uh and and adding tariffs
on Chinese steel and aluminum as well as
100% tariffs on EVs. These are things
that uh Xiinping and Lee Chong who you
see here walking in the great hall of
the people with Mark Carney yesterday
would like to see Ottawa reduce if not
get rid of completely. Well, Canada also
wants some uh some changes as well uh
including allowing canola or rape seed
uh to drop those Chinese tariffs on
those. Uh but the big deal yes or today
is essentially announced uh after
meeting not only with CL the big battery
maker but also the chairman uh the
co-chairman of CNPC which is the big
national petroleum company uh and also
meeting with Lee Chong is this framework
packed uh between the two countries to
cooperate on energy whether it's
renewable energies whether it's crude
oil whether it's LNG Chinese interests
are already invested fairly heavily uh
in that LG Canada's uh export terminal
uh in British Columbia as well as oil
sands in Alberta. Uh but the Canadian
delegation is showing some inclination
that they might be willing to open that
up as well. Uh and again there was even
the industry minister Melanie Jolie
saying we're open for business when it
comes to batteries. So there could be an
opening here for CL or other Chinese
makers of EV batteries to come and build
a factory uh in Canada. Again, that
would raise some eyebrows and some
concern in the Canadian auto and auto
parts industry, not to mention Donald
Trump to the south uh south of the
border. But again, it it Mark Carney
clearly taking a more proactive approach
in engaging China uh as an export market
and also as an import destination of
investment.
>> Yeah. And they're they're about to meet
too uh Carney as well as President Xi.
What do you think is on tap for that
dialogue today?
>> Well, I think those 100% tariffs on
Chinese EVs will be discussed. Rape seed
or canola will be discussed. Oil
purchases by China from Canada will be
discussed, I'm sure, given the situation
in Venezuela where uh you know, China
essentially bought a lot of the
sanctioned Venezuelan crude. Also the
tenuous situation in Iran where China
buys 90% of Iranian oil exports. Uh
that's also in a tenuous situation. Uh
so again finding an alternative uh
international source in the form of
Canada might be very prudent for
Xiinping. So still lots to discuss as
the reproach monk continues.
>> Steve, thank you. Stephen Engel there
our chief Asia correspondent joining us
out of Shanghai. Of course, as we countd
down to that meeting between the two
presidents or prime minister and
president, uh, in terms of really what
else to watch for next week, I mean,
there's a lot going on, right, Dave? You
talk about I mean, the Australian Open
that kicks off this weekend as well, but
Davos,
>> not the market open, [laughter] right?
This is uh
>> tennis for uh Davos. I mean, that's
going to be the big one of course next
week given just all the big macro themes
and really how geopolitics has really
been front and center just like the
first few weeks of of 2026. So certainly
that's going to be of of a topic here.
We have of course a data dump uh for the
fourth quarter of course GDP numbers out
of China that are going to be happening
next week and of course yeah you can't
forget the BOJ decision too Dave given
the moves that we've seen in the yen
>> given the moves in the yen given the
backing
>> election announcements.
>> Yes and the so I wonder how they're
going to frame that because the
interesting to note from HSBC
specifically. So Joey Chu uh I think
they've revised their their yen forecast
for the year given the fact that you
know some of the the biggest factors
that might lead to yen strength aren't
imminent right whether that's a positive
yield real yield and all those other
things so I think it's interesting to
see how the yen market forces will keep
the yen weak but they will need to be
more vigilant on the official side of
course to keep uh market expectations
not not one-sided on this and I think
we've seen two episodes of that already
this week uh that they've come in uh
with some very strong not the strongest
language possible but some very clear
language that they are ready and
watching these moves very closely on the
Japanese currency
>> and if if they're going to intervene is
you how effective is it going to be this
time around when you have this prospect
of fiscal stimulus that um you know
continue to drive up interest rates
higher but then it does not do anything
for the yen um and you continue to see
this this sort of weakness uh in the
currency and certainly that's going to
be a key thing to watch here. So the yen
just facing this kind of double whammy
as we've been calling it with snap
elections as well uh as the BOJ next
week that could be a key focus there as
well. Um what else are we talking about?
It's it's I feel cold now.
>> Yeah. Speaking of cold snap snap
elections
>> you're telling me next week is going to
be even colder.
>> It's well don't believe me. [laughter]
>> Look look look at two things. Look at
the forecasts for next week. Um, and so
the reason we're we're looking at this,
we actually have a fantastic [music]
piece. Shout out to her colleague Mary
Huay who's actually put this together
because this does have a commodities
angle to it, right? [music] So we could
actually see some of the record lows
>> uh not again not in markets but in
weather [laughter] get tested uh as this
cold
>> I think it's 20
>> expected to be -17.
>> Yikes. next week, which [music] is way
below the the 30-day average. And Hong
Kong as well is going to be part of that
cool conversation next week.
>> All right, we're checking Trip.com here
this morning. Um and really the last
three days it certainly has seen the
stock uh collapse in some ways on the
back of this antirust probe. Uh and
right now we're seeing that Chinese
regulators are looking into the online
travel platform over antirust concerns.
Now Trip says it's cooperating with
investigations but Morning Star things
could now face the same kinds of
headwinds as the likes of Alibaba and
Mtoan. Let's bring in their senior
equity analyst Kai Wang. He joins us
now. Kai it's great to have you. I'm
just wondering in terms of the overall
impact to to trip, what do you think
this probe is going to bring for the
company now?
>> Yeah, I mean, so so the question right
now is that they've been they've been
forcing uh you know, local merchants to
sign these exclusive deals. Um it's in
China, it's called choose one from two.
And so once they sign exclusive
exclusive deals, they can't really sign
with any other platforms. And once they
have these uh they're in these exclusive
bind uh agree binding contracts, then
they kind of jack up the uh the
monization rates or the commissions uh
for these merchants. So that's um no,
they've been getting lots of uh
complaints about that from local tourism
industries and uh this is kind of the
the main uh the main issue here.
And David here by the way Kai do you
think it's priced in because shares have
really taken a tumble and I wonder what
outcomes markets are pricing in really a
dominant player that's being asked to
effectively don't be so dominant if you
think about that specific part of the
practice. I I I I I want to say it's
priced in, but you know, if you look at
Mtoan and you look at Alibaba and look
at their peaks and when Mtoan was at
their peak and they had, you know, a a
pretty large market share as well, and
they still do. Um, you know, and you've
seen how dramatically that uh, you know,
that share price has kind of fallen from
its its peak in in 20, you know, 2020,
2021.
Um so uh you know I think there could be
a bit more risk for for trip as well. Um
you know the the question isn't the
short term but it's really how this kind
of opens up the competition for maybe
other larger conglomerates in the long
term. You know if Alibaba or Tencent
want to come in and start uh start start
um you know kind of going to the OTAA
platform industry they can now. and and
you know and they can sign they can also
uh um you know partner up with these a
lot of these local hotels. So yeah, the
the question is more about the long-term
um you know competitive dynamics for
ship.com more than is the short term.
>> And is is I don't know is the best case
scenario a a fine from from regulators?
>> The best case scenar
I think you know we still think that
it's narrow moes intact and they still
have a really good network effect of
customers and merchants around China and
internationally. Um, but you know, as I
said, the the long-term competitive
dynamics is in question here. And so
that's, you know, that's what we're
fearful for. It's valuation. Um, but
yeah, so if it's just a fine and they
get to keep their competitive advantage,
that'd be great. Um, but I think, uh,
no, I think there is a a shift in the
competitive dimes long term here.
it is I mean yeah it's interesting you
mentioned though what's more damaging is
not really the fine as you say but
really the potential for heightened
industry competition how do you think
this shakes up
>> the industry in some ways if they're
losing a little bit of that malt but
still maintaining maybe the lead
>> you know are there are there potential
winners here that could emerge um as as
you know closer
>> rival
>> so in the short term I think they'll be
fine and I think you can use mto as a
very good example of what kind of
happens the long term here right so you
what we're seeing on May 20 is that
you're seeing lots of subsidies amongst,
you know, the new competitive entrance,
Alibaba, Alama, um, you know, JD as
well. And so what that does when you
start, you know, kind of competing for
market share, you probably you you'll
start kind of issuing subsidies and that
kind of wittleles down the margins and
you'll see margin pressure for if this
happens hypothetically in the in the
[clears throat] travel industry, you'll
see the margin pressures go down or
sorry, you'll see margins go down
because pressures from other um other
competitors. And so this is what this is
probably the worst case scenario here is
that ultimately you know they're they
you know their margins just don't
recover to what it is now and and it
know there's a um a a secular downtrend
in in that uh in that metric there
just very very quickly from the
perspective of regulators to try to do
something good here for the industry and
I wonder from a consumer perspective do
they act how do they feel the the end of
this exercise?
Um, you know, it's that's that's hard to
say. U I'm not sure. I mean, this is
good for uh for consumers. It's good for
the merchants as well. Um, I'm not sure
what the endgame is here in terms of
what they want. Um, obviously, China's
going through this anti-evolution thing.
So, I don't think they want to kind of,
you know, kind of um
kind of pressure the prices down too
much since they still want the uh they
want, you know, the companies to
actually make some money there. But um
yeah, from the regular standpoint, I'm
I'm not sure where they're going to uh
uh where they're going to draw the line.
>> Kai
Kai, have a fantastic weekend, sir. Kai
Wong, [music] senior equity analyst
there at Morning Star. On that note, a
quick glance at markets before we fold
ourselves quietly into the weekend and
[music] see on the other side of it on
Monday. Markets are slightly to the
downside going into the last 30 minutes
of trade on shore, last hour in the
morning session in Hong Kong. [music] We
will see you all on Monday.
>> [music]